# ISIS Name Change Working Group Meeting May 26, 2022 @1PM MST / 4PM EDT

### Attending

- Laz Kestay
- Stuart Robbins
- Lori Pigue
- Lauren Adoram-Kershner
- Audrie Fennema

## Agenda / Notes

- Action Items from last meeting
  - Laz: Draft a slide outline
  - Lori: Comb the alternate name responses

  - Slides
     - Should we add specific responses to the powerpoint?
        - Deanonymizes?
        - Could be interpreted as vague without them, does not fully capture the survey results
          - Could offer more information on request?
          - Talk about how we categorized specific responses into labels? [*Choosen path forward]
    - Preliminary Impace Analysis Slide: 
        - Discussion needs to happen with more information / WG members
        - For now added a slide with questions we are hoping to answer with the impact analysis
    - Recommended Future Actions:
        - Discussion needs to happen to determine path forward recommendation
        - What information is this slide trying to communicate: "By saying yes this is what you are saying yes to"
  - Impact analysis
    - Defer discussion until next meeting
  - Alternate names
    - Suggestions from the survey
      - Catchy and Short
        - Needs to be specific enough to return relevant information on Google
      - Research dennotation / connotation of new acronym (translations into different languages)
      - Survey the public?
        - Not open from beginning to the final result (remember Boaty McBoatFace?)
          - Could have an initial open, cull responses and either:
            - resurvey with top names from culled responses
            - decide from initial survey suggestions names
        - No official decision - defer to next meetinf
    - Suggestions for communicating the name change from the survey
      - Currently organized through media divisions
      - Do we want to look at this information as Before/During/After name change?
        - Leave in current division, but can add extra labels for before / during / after?
        - Leave as is but condense into common ideas

## Discussions for next meeting

- Impact Analysis
  - Jesse: Summary
  - Slide
- Alternate Names
  - Survey for suggestions?
- Add a "Communicationing the Change" slide?

## Action Items

- Lauren: Dropping plots into the power points, filling out information
- Lauren: Outline the Why / Demographic label methodology
- Lori: Condense communication suggestions from the survey into common ideas
- Jesse: Comb the impact responses

## Next Meeting

- June 2nd 1PM MST / 2PM MDT
